Add how to send and receive context (#47)
scalar-labs/scalardl: docs/how-to-write-function.md

`contractArgument` and `contractProperties` are the corresponding contract's argument and properties. See [How to Write a Contract](how-to-write-contract.md) to understand what they are.

### Receive information from Contracts

In non-deprecated Functions like `JacksonBasedFunction`, you can receive some information from Contracts by calling `T getContractContext()`.

> Note that the return value can be null if nothing has been set by Contracts and the return value type `T` will be decided based on a base Function class that you use.

Reviewer: Revised to reduce passive voice.

```suggestion
Note that the return value can be null if Contracts has nothing set and the base Function class that you use will decide the return value type `T`.
```

> See [this](./how-to-write-contract.md#send-information-to-functions) for how to send information to Functions from Contracts.
> 

Reviewer: Revised to specify link name.

```suggestion
For details on how to send information to Functions from Contracts, see [Send information to Functions](./how-to-write-contract.md#send-information-to-functions).
```
